[=[单选题]=]
1.This is a letter from ___ to ___.
A.husband; wifeㅤ√
B.wife; husband
C.father; son
D.mother; daughter

2.How long have they been together?
A.Nine years.
B.Ten years.ㅤ√
C.Eleven years.
D.Not mentioned.

3.How many children do they have?
A.One child.
B.Two children.ㅤ√
C.Three children.
D.Not mentioned.

4.Who gave the author the strength to keep working and moving from day to day?
A.His father and mother.
B.Himself.
C.His wife and children.ㅤ√
D.His friends.

5.Which one is NOT true about the author?
A.The author is expressing his love to his family.
B.The author is writing a letter.
C.The author is feeling sorry for his family.ㅤ√
D.The author loves his family very much.

1.In many places, if you leave the house without your wallet, you'll usually have a ___ time.
A.good
B.wonderful
C.difficultㅤ√
D.great

2.When the author lived in the United States, what did he usually use to pay?
A.Credit cards.
B.Debit cards.
C.Checks.
D.All of the above.ㅤ√

3.In Beijing, we can pay by phone for ___.
A.movie ticket
B.takeout food
C.goods for delivery
D.All of the aboveㅤ√

4.Which one of the following statements is NOT true according to the text?
A.All kinds of phones can be used to pay for bills.ㅤ√
B.Mobile commerce industry is developing fast in China.
C.The author found that the mobile payment is very easy and convenient.
D.The mobile payment is friendly to our environment.

5.What is the author's attitude towards the mobile payments?
A.Negative.
B.Positive.ㅤ√
C.Don't care.
D.Neutral.

1.What is Julia and her cousins' exciting moment at their grandparents' house?
A.Enjoying the big family meal.
B.The moment their grandfather gives them a few coins.ㅤ√
C.Their grandfather's praising.
D.The candies their grandfather buys for them.

2.Why do the relatives propose a test among the children?
A.They want to ask the children not to eat candies.
B.They want to know what the children will buy with these coins.
C.They want to test if the children will buy candies.
D.They want to know what the children could do to manage those coins.ㅤ√

3.Which of the following is TRUE about Ruben, Nico and Monty?
A.Ruben and Nico didn't spend it on sweets any more.
B.Ruben and Nico asked Clara and Joe not to keep saving their money.
C.Monty lost all the money on a horse race at last.ㅤ√
D.Monty collected a lot of money at last through exchanging.

4.What did Alex do with the coins?
A.He saved all the money and collected more money than anyone.ㅤ√
B.He bought sweets at a normal price with the coins.
C.He bought toys with all the coins.
D.He used the coins to buy iron.

5.Which one is NOT true about Julia?
A.She didn't have a good time on the competition day.
B.She didn't complete her plan till the second year.
C.She asked her parents to afford the violin lessons.ㅤ√
D.She surprised everyone by turning up with a violin and much money.

1.Suddenly, it was hard to catch my breath and my face felt warm and my knees got weak.
A.突然，我呼吸困难，脸色通红，腿脚也站不住了。ㅤ√
B.突然，我不能呼吸，感觉脸上温暖，腿变得虚弱。
C.突然，我呼吸困难，感觉脸上温暖，腿变得虚弱。

2.Miraculously, my teacher Mrs. Christopher solved my dilemma when she demanded that I sit in the front row so I couldn't chat with my friends.
A.奇迹般地，为了避免朋友们相互聊天，我的老师克里斯托弗夫人要求我坐在前排，这解决了我的难题。
B.奇迹般地，当我的老师克里斯托弗夫人为防止我和朋友们聊天而要求我坐到前排时，她解决了我的难题。ㅤ√
C.奇迹般地，为了不让我和朋友们聊天，我的老师克里斯托弗夫人要求我坐在前排，这解决了我的难题。

1.Minimalism is lifestyle in which you reduce your possessions to the least possible.
A.极简主义是将个人物品尽可能减到最少的一种生活方式。ㅤ√
B.极简主义是将自己的物品尽可能减少的一种生活方式。
C.极简主义是一种尽可能抛弃个人物品去生活的方式。

2.I used to buy a lot of things, believing that all those possessions would increase my self-worth and lead to a happier life.
A.我习惯买很多东西，并坚信所有这些物品能增加我的自尊并导致更幸福的生活。
B.我习惯买很多东西，并坚信所有这些物品能增加我的自我价值并导致更幸福的生活。
C.我过去时常买很多东西，并相信所有这些物品能够增加我的自我价值感，同时使我过上更幸福的生活。ㅤ√

1.I'm still hungry to accomplish certain things, as that's what life is all about.
A.我仍然希望达到某种目的，因为这才是生活。
B.我仍然渴望完成某些事情，因为这才是生活的真谛。ㅤ√
C.我仍然渴望完成某件事情，因为这才是生活的真谛。

2.But if wealth is your definition of success, you will possibly never achieve it.
A.但是，如果财富是你对成功的定义，你将可能永远得不到它。ㅤ√
B.但是，如果富有是你对成功的定义，你永远不会实现。
C.但是，如果财富是你对成功的看法，你将永远不会达到。